so enjoying the enjoying The navy? Um, you don't know what you don't know.
Um, which is understandable. But if you boil it down to a priority
that you would like to see in a command and I translate command
into any entity that you're gonna work in while you're in the Navy and
you could take that it's d down to the very aircraft you're going
to command because there is a commander of an era of each aircraft,
huh? Is number one for first and foremost respect going both ways.
Now, some of you might end up being in a single seat aircraft. So you
know the maid. Perhaps that's not the best example. But I flew an
aircraft that had up thio, typically five people that I was responsible
for. There have. You have to show respect for the people that are
below you, and they and you have to demand the respect coming back
the other way. That is absolutely essential to ineffective, uh, working
environment, whether you're talking about being on the ground or
in the air, and I think that's something you could just generally
take with you in any facet of life if You know, if people are being
respectful, one other one another than there's gonna be friction and
difficulty and you could circumvent that very easily by just establishing
that from the get go. The way you're gonna operate is gonna be
based on respect. You can have differences, but as long as you can
respect each other in your differences, that's that goes a long way.
Might sound a little bit naive, but if you establish that early, that
will take you for